OCPBUGS-16955: Set enableUUID to TRUE (#63711)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc

* See xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installation-three-node-cluster_installing-bare-metal[Configuring a three-node cluster] for details about deploying three-node clusters in bare metal environments.
* See xref:../../installing/installing_bare_metal/installing-bare-metal.adoc#installation-approve-csrs_installing-bare-metal[Approving the certificate signing requests for your machines] for more information about approving cluster certificate signing requests after installation.

[id="installation-requirements-baremetal-vsphere_{context}"]
== Requirements for baremetal clusters on vSphere

Ensure you enable the `disk.EnableUUID` parameter on all virtual machines in your cluster.

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * See xref:../../installing/installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere.adoc#installation-vsphere-machines_installing-vsphere[Installing RHCOS and starting the OpenShift Container Platform bootstrap process] step 9f for details on setting the `disk.EnableUUID` to `TRUE` on VMware vSphere for user-provisioned infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See xref:../../installing/installing_vsphere/installing-vsphere.adoc#installation-vsphere-machines_installing-vsphere[Installing RHCOS and starting the OpenShift Container Platform bootstrap process] for details on setting the `disk.EnableUUID` value to `TRUE` on VMware vSphere for user-provisioned infrastructure.
```
- For future maintainability, I would remove the hard-coded reference to a specific step.
- Add "value" to `disk.EnableUUID`; literals have to include a reference.
